The strongest positive pattern in the report was iteration and refinement.
Eighty five point seven percent of the sampled conversations built on earlier exchanges instead of accepting one response and moving immediately to a new task.
Those iterative conversations displayed two point six seven additional fluency behaviors on average, compared with one point three three in conversations without iteration.
They were five point six times more likely to question the model's reasoning and four times more likely to identify missing context.
Again, association is not causation.
More careful users may naturally write longer conversations, and complex tasks may demand more turns.
Still, iteration gives you a practical structure for doing the evaluation that a polished first answer can suppress.
Treat the first output as a hypothesis and a working draft.
Do not restart with a completely new prompt unless the direction is fundamentally wrong.
Point to one claim, one section, or one decision and ask what assumptions support it, what evidence is missing, or what alternative would change the recommendation.
Make each follow-up do a different job.
One turn can clarify the goal.
Another can expose missing context.
A third can test the strongest claim against evidence.
A fourth can compare options under the same criteria.
This creates progress instead of a loop of cosmetic rewrites.
Stop iterating when the acceptance criteria are met, the remaining uncertainty is visible, and the next action belongs outside the chat.
More turns are not automatically more fluent.
The goal is a better decision, not a longer transcript.
First, treat the first response as a starting point instead of a finish line.
Second, give each follow-up one distinct evaluation job.
Third, stop when acceptance criteria and remaining uncertainty are explicit.